Fix ProseMirror library link in README (#7994)
ueberdosis/tiptap: README.md

# Tiptap Editor

> The Tiptap Editor is a headless, framework-agnostic rich text editor that's customizable and extendable through extensions. Its headless nature means it comes without a set user interface, offering full design freedom (for a jumpstart, see linked [UI templates](#examples-codesandbox-and-ui-templates) below). Tiptap is based on the highly reliable [ProseMirror](https://code.haverbeke.berlin/prosemirror/prosemirror) library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tiptap Editor is a headless, framework-agnostic rich text editor that's customizable and extendable through extensions. Its headless nature means it comes without a set user interface, offering full design freedom (for a jumpstart, see linked [UI templates](#examples-codesandbox-and-ui-templates) below). Tiptap is based on the highly reliable [ProseMirror](https://prosemirror.net/) library.
```
